[Google Docs] Error when using insecure without proxy (#26985)
demisto/content: Packs/GoogleDocs/ReleaseNotes/1_0_22.md

#### Integrations

##### Google Docs

> - Fixed an issue where the integration raises and error when *Trust any certificate* parameter was set and *Use system proxy settings* parameter was not.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the integration returned an error when *Trust any certificate* parameter was checked and *Use system proxy settings* parameter was unchecked.
```
